Add contribution guide for dvc.org (#317)
iterative/dvc.org: static/docs/user-guide/contributing-documentation.md

  redeploy the website.

* [Media](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/tree/master/static/img) - add new
  images, gifs, diagrams here. Reference them from the Markdown files like this:
  `![](/static/img/reproducibility.png)`.

* [Sections](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/tree/master/src/Documentation/sidebar.json) - 
  edit it to register a new section with the navigation menu.

## Submitting changes

In case of a minor change, you can use the **Edit on Github** button (at the
left of the page) to fork the project, edit it in place and create a PR.
Alternatively, create a fork, clone, edit it with your regular editor and submit
a PR to the master branch. We'll review and merge it as soon as possible.

Otherwise, please refer to the following procedure:

* Open a new issue in the [issue
  tracker](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues).
* Setup the [development environment](#development-environment).
* Fork [DVC.org](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org.git) and prepare necessary
  changes by referring to [structure of project](#structure-of-the-project).
* Format the code by following the [code style guide](#code-style-guide).

> * Format JavaScript code styles by running `npm run prettier-src`.

Reviewer: does it ensure 2 spaces, btw? have you tried it?

Author: @shcheklein I formatted it using Rewrap. On checking, there are two spaces.

Reviewer: I mean the `npm run prettier-src`. I haven't tried it personally, that's why I'm asking )

Author: @shcheklein `prettier` runs only on JS files, right? This is a markdown file.
On a side note, I ran it and saw that a lot of files aren't following the `prettier` configuration.
![Screenshot from 2019-05-12 02-54-13](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35191225/57575063-50eefc80-7461-11e9-8058-8bb9698ec8e8.png)

Reviewer: Yes, I got the idea. My question is - are default settings for the `prettier` aligned with the code style in the guide you put together. 2 spaces indent in JS - is one of them. I like the idea of introducing the `prettier` the same way we do with `black` in DVC repo. We can even use it as a hook potentially.

Author: @shcheklein 
```
semi: false
singleQuote: true
trailingComma: none
```
These are the configuration in the `.prettierrc` file. It doesn't seem to be updated.

Author: @shcheklein I think it will be nice to open an issue to update the `.prettierrc` file and add it as a pre-commit hook. What say?

Reviewer: agreed! here is the link https://prettier.io/docs/en/precommit.html and check the DVC contrib guide's instruction on how black is used. Let's do this as a separate PR. I'm going to merge this one. It looks good to me already. When we add a hook we can update it if needed.

* Submit a pull request, referencing any issues it addresses.

We will review your pull request as soon as possible. Thank you for
contributing!

## Development environment

> To submit your changes in the documentation, you will first need to setup the

Reviewer: it contradicts the previous section a bit - I would say, if you need to submit a change to the JS engine, or a substantial change to the docs and would like to test them locally, then you here is how you can do this ...

development environment of the project.

* Get the latest development version. Fork and clone the repo using one of the
  following methods:

  1. Using HTTPS
  ```dvc
      $ git clone https://github.com/<username>/dvc.org.git
  ```
  2. Using SSH
  ```dvc
      $ git clone git@github.com:<username>/dvc.org.git
  ```
* Make sure you have the latest version of node and npm installed.
* Install the dependencies by running the command `npm install`.
* [Run the development server](#run-the-development-server).

## Run the development server

> * Start the development server using `npm run dev` which will start the server

Reviewer: minor: extra new line between the header and the list

> # Contributing Documentation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Contributing to the Documentation
```

> We welcome contributions to [DVC.org](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org) by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We welcome any contributions to [DVC.org](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org).
```

> the community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> ## How to report a problem

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to suggest a change
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Excluding very trivial changes, all contributions should be connected to an existing issue. 
```

> Please search [issue tracker](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please search the [issue tracker](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues)
```

> before creating a new issue. This issue can be about a typographical error, an

Reviewer 2: What do you think about removing:
```
This issue can be about a typographical error, an
updation of the documentation or simply an improvement in generation of
documentation.
```

I don't think it adds a lot, the header is about `How to report a problem`, maybe it is better to change the header and rephrase the paragraph

Author: @mroutis It just tells the user what all types can a problem be of.

Reviewer 2: Well. If you are leaving this one, correct the following:
- `an updation` is not an English word, maybe you want to use `updating the documentation` instead.
- Please, remove the `simply`, it is a _filler_ that could be interpreted wrong (because improving the way we are generating our docs might be not simple).
- `improvement in generation of documentation` to `or a general improvement`.

I would suggest something like the following:
```
This issue can report a typographical error, the use of better wording, or any other improvement
```

Author: @mroutis Will make this change it the separate PR.

Reviewer: Thanks @mroutis for a valuable feedback!

Reviewer: @algomaster99 a separate PR is totally fine (or include this change into another PR).

updation of the documentation or simply an improvement in generation of
documentation.

> If you feel that you can fix or implement it, please read a few paragraphs below

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to do fix or implement it, please read a few paragraphs below
```

to learn how to submit your changes.

> ## Structure of project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Structure of the project
```

> * [Content](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/tree/master/static/docs) -

Reviewer 2: Are this directories? It is not that clear.

Author: @mroutis Somewhat, these three bullet points explain the 3 parts of the project. The docs (static markdown files), media files and sections (the navigation menu).

  static Markdown files that are rendered dynamically in the browser. Merging
  changes to these files into the master branch is enough to update the docs and
  redeploy the website.

* [Media](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/tree/master/static/img) - add new
  images, gifs, diagrams here. Reference them from the Markdown files like this:
  `![](/static/img/reproducibility.png)`.

> * [Sections](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/tree/master/src/Documentation/sidebar.json) - 

Author: This paragraph isn't formatted properly since it wasn't being rendered correctly. Therefore, I formatted it manually.

#### After formatting
![Screenshot from 2019-05-11 12-02-03](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35191225/57566212-8d7e1200-73e7-11e9-81c2-bd4c570d0499.png)

  edit it to register a new section with the navigation menu.

## Submitting changes

> In case of a minor change, please use the **Edit on Github** button (at the left

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of a minor change, you can use the **Edit on Github** button (at the left
```

of the page) to fork the project, edit it in place and create a PR.
Alternatively, create a fork, clone, edit it with your regular editor and submit
a PR to the master branch. We'll review and merge it as soon as possible.

> Else, please refer to the following procedure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Otherwise, please refer to the following procedure:
```

* Open a new issue in the
[issue tracker](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues).
* Setup the [development environment](#development-environment).
* Fork [DVC.org](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org.git) and prepare necessary
  changes by referring to [structure of project](#structure-of-project).
* Format the code by following the [code style guide](#code-style-guide).
* Format JavaScript code styles by running `npm run prettier-src`.
* Submit a pull request, referencing any issues it addresses.

We will review your pull request as soon as possible. Thank you for
contributing!

> ## Development environment

Reviewer 2: Enter explanation about why would you want to setup a development environment, why is it needed.

> * Get the latest development version. Fork and clone the repo using either of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Get the latest development version. Fork and clone the repo using one of
```

>   the method:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the following methods:
```

  1. Using HTTPS
  ```dvc
      $ git clone https://github.com/<username>/dvc.org.git
  ```
  2. Using SSH
  ```dvc
      $ git clone git@github.com:<username>/dvc.org.git
  ```
* Make sure you have the latest version of node and npm installed.
* Install the dependencies by running the command `npm install`.
* [Run development server](#run-development-server).

> ## Run development server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Run a development server
```

Reviewer 2: or `the`

* Start the development server using `npm run dev` which will start the server
  at port `3000`.

> * Visit `http://localhost:3000/` where the site is being served.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Visit `http://localhost:3000/`, where the site is being served.
```

## Commit style guide

Format:

```
    (short description)

    (long description)

>     Fixes #(github issue id).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Fix #(github issue id)
```

Reviewer 2: This is arguable :sweat_smile: . `git` itself uses _imperative present tense_, but doesn't matter that much.

```

> Message types:

Reviewer 2: Let's remove all of these:
```
* *short description* - short description of the patch;
* *long description* - If needed, longer message describing the patch in more
details;
* *github issue id* - An id of the github issue that this patch is addressing;
```

With the example is more than enough, and names are self explaining

* *short description* - short description of the patch;

> * *long description* - If needed, longer message describing the patch in more

Reviewer: If -> if

Reviewer: ah, sorry, missed the discussion (since it's marked as resolved). Yes, I think we can remove this - it's better to keep it simpler.

details;

> * *github issue id* - An id of the github issue that this patch is addressing;

Reviewer: An -> an

Example:

```
  Add documentation for `dvc version` command

>   Fixes #307

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Fix #307
```
